# cs225_Final_Project Group SMARTPOINTER

The written report and link of presentation video are all in the ../report directory.

Our major files are in the directory “/src”, it contains our file for makemap, which includes our functions to create the graph from a input csv file, and a file called shortest path which includes all three algorithms: BFS, dijkstra and betweenness centrality, and a file called utils for some helper functions. In addition to that, in the “/lib” directory, we have a file for the definition of our graph class and edge. In the “/data” directory, we have several csv files used for testing and one csv file for the actual information of the uiuc buses which includes the bus name, bus stops it passes through, and the time intervals between each two stops. In the "/entry" directory we have the main file which has all the main code body to run our program. All the test cases are located in the directory “/tests”. 

To execute our code, you just need to first create a directory by running “mkdir build”, then “cd build”, and then “cmake ..” and “make” followed by that. A makefile will be created as a result. Then by running “./main” and type in any two bus stop names exist within the data file “bus_stop_info_weekday”, an output that shows two choices of shortest route with stop names, bus lines and time taken will appear. One of them is searched based on BFS which gives the shortest route that passes through the least number of bus stops, the other one is searched based on Dijkstra which gives the shortest route that takes the least time based on approximation, with all the bus lines that pass through each stop showing in the parenthesis. In addition to that, the output also includes a list of bus stops that are passed most frequently by different buses. 

We’ve written different test cases for all three main algorithms and the graph making process, one can simply run them by executing “./test” to see the results, or add the specific test name quoted by “” after ./test to run single test.